# Realistic-face-images-from-sketches
A recent study has shown that around 75% of criminal investigations go unsolved. Only 1 out of 3 criminals gets arrested in America. According to recent statistics from Red Cross in 2018, the number of people who went missing worldwide are around 100,000. With so many people missing and so many cases going unsolved for not being able to fully identify the person’s face and facial characteristics. The Science of Deep learning offers a variety of solutions. Deep learning is a branch of machine learning which is completely based on artificial neural networks, as neural network is going to mimic the human brain so deep learning is also a kind of mimic of human brain. It works on datasets with huge amounts of data. Given a large dataset of input and output pairs, a deep learning algorithm will try to minimize the difference between its prediction and expected output. By doing this, it tries to learn the association/pattern between given inputs and outputs, this in turn allows a deep learning model to generalize to inputs that it hasn’t seen before. So, how do deep learning Algorithms learn? Deep Learn- 4 ing Algorithms use something called a neural network to find associations between a set of inputs and outputs. The “deep” part of deep learning refers to creating deep neural networks. This refers to a neural network with a large quantity of layers, with the addition of more weights and biases, the neural network improves its ability to approximate more complex functions. Which in return generates a more accurate output.  So , This project aims to make an application that takes a sketch image as an input and generates a realistic face image as an output. Also Creating realistic human face images from sketches can be used for various applications including criminal investigation, character design, educational training, etc.
